in Long Beach it all comes down to what
you look like it's all about color if
you're Latino or Asian or black you
could get blessed anytime you walk out
your door my name is Aaron GU all
schools are divided into separate tribes
I'm not saying you're here I can't go
back there alone
we kill each other over race pride and
respect we fight for our America
[Music]
if the Latinos weren't here or the
Cambodians with the blacks or White's or
whoever they off if they work here
everything would be better for you let
it stop back to lucky trying to
understand our situation why don't you
explain it to me we in a ward
for a first-time teacher you can't make
someone want an education listen to me
all of you stand on the line if you've
lost a friend to gang violence
stay on the line if you've lost more
than one friend three four or more this
moment on the person you were that
person's turns over
dream
everyone has their own story we're gonna
write in these journals
[Music]
there's no place like this out there for
us I can't go back to the way it used to
be agent man I can't
a wireless system a teenager and they
don't see the wars we fight every day
then I had gunshots she told us
we have something to say to people
[Music]
you